[red-knot] Fix Leaking Narrowing Constraint in `ast::ExprIf` (#14590)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/expression/if.md

reveal_type(1 if "" else 2)  # revealed: Literal[2]
reveal_type(1 if 0 else 2)  # revealed: Literal[2]
```

## Leaked Narrowing Constraint

(issue #14588)

> The test inside an if expression should not affect the scope outside of it.

Reviewer: micro-nit: `if` tests do not create new scopes in Python, unlike e.g. in Rust, so we have to use the vaguer term "block" here

```suggestion
The test inside an if expression should not affect code outside of the block.
```

Author: Thanks!!!! :)
